Don't you know that I would use all of my power to prevent something like that from happening? Te salut, Don Corleone. In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns. My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator. If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.

When they come... they come at what you love. I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over! I want your answer and the money by noon tomorrow. And one more thing. Don't you contact me again, ever. From now on, you deal with Turnbull. It's an old habit. I spent my whole life trying not to be careless. Women and children can afford to be careless, but not men.

Is that why you slapped my brother around in public? I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. What's the matter with you, huh? What am I going to do? Am I going to make that baby an orphan before he's born? My father's name was Antonio Andolini... and this is for you. That's my family Kay, that's not me.

Hey, listen, I want somebody good - and I mean very good - to plant that gun. I don't want my brother coming out of that toilet with just his dick in his hands, alright? Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in. I see you took the name of the town. What was your father's name? You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me?

Your enemies always get strong on what you leave behind. When they come... they come at what you love. I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here. My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator. Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you.

I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman; blood is a big expense. I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over! Michael, you never told me you knew Johnny Fontane! If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone. I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here.